Support clickable hyperlinks (#2646)
r-lib/lintr: NEWS.md

## Notes

* All user-facing messages are now prepared using the `{cli}` package (#2418, @IndrajeetPatil). All messages have been reviewed and updated to be more informative and consistent.

> * Error messages and linters contain clickable hyperlinks to improve code navigation (#2645, #2588, @olivroy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* File locations in error messages and lints contain clickable hyperlinks to improve code navigation (#2645, #2588, @olivroy).
```

Reviewer 2: Do we expect this to work in any IDE? I guess in terminal it tries to open the file with `EDITOR` (sorry can't test right now)
